


  
***Software Release Version: 2.0.0***  
***Test Plan Version: 2.0.0***

* [X] Testing passed.  
      **Date: 2022/08/16**,   **Sign: Isla**

* [ ] Softwares installed and operations checked.  
      **Date: ____________**,   **Sign: ____________**

*  **Content**  
    *  Submodule Version  
        *  Magpie: **2.0.76-0816092921**,          Date: **2022/08/16**  
        *  Bamboo-lake3: **0.0.24.2-0907105636**,          Date: **2022/5/13**  
        *  Summit.grid: **v1.3.21**,          Date: **2022/06/30**

    *  Release Notes  
        *  Magpie:  
            1. Feature: Add test report file  
            2. Feature: Log information: sharpness  
            3. Feature: Support QA/QC real-time calibration (dZ of X/Y)  
            4. Feature: Integrate Red Rectangle with calibration dialog.  
            5. Bugfix: Add L4B (ABCD) detail report in chip log file.  
            6. Feature: Improve the information of [Done Dialog]  
            7. Feature: Refine setting function output directory  
            8. Performance comparision: DLL and Wrapper version  
            9. Code refine  
            10. Bugfix: Camera initial error  
            11. Bugfix: ArUco number error  
            12. Feature: Log checkpoint for analyzing performance  
            13. Feature: ArUco parameter for sequoia  
            14. Bugfix: Autofocus hang on stress test  
            15. Feature: Support D1B  
            16. Bugfix: Channel Setting  
            17. Bugfix: Coordination and Calibration  
            18. Feature: Support Shasta  
            19. Bugfix: Preview and Camera settings  
            20. Bugfix: Comport connection is unstable  
            21. Feature: ETool UI Update  
            22. Feature: Scan Module UI Update  
            23. Bugfix: Camera Link is unstable  
            24. Log: Record the elapsed time of each stage (Evaluate the Algorithms)  
            25. Bugfix: Integrate Gridding Function (WeDoctor Centrillion Issue)  
            26. Feature: Auto-Align mechanism  
            27. Feature: Auto-Focus and Scanning Flow  
            28. Feature: Code refinement  
            29. Bugfix: Adjusting camera parameters delay abnormally.  
            30. Feature: Migrate Scan Module UI
            31. Set the power of LED light source
            32. Set open as default for touch sensor
            33. Naming rule: Blue Magpie
            34. Rounding floating point to x.xx
            35. Support SML
            36. Support Levelness
            37. Support Auto Calibration
  
        *  Bamboo-lake3:  
            1. Update new installation script match to the Magpie 2.0
  
        *  Summit.grid:  
            1. Feature: Add the autorunning server to automatically perform the gridding process in the background service.  
            2. Feature: Compute the amount of pixels that are zero-valued.  
            3. Feature: Find more candidate markers (ArUco) to improve the recognition rate of the ArUco markers.  
            4. Bugfix: Fix for wrong ArUco counts for each FOV.  
            5. Feature: SML chip (S3B) support.  
            6. Feature: Add "qc_info" field in the grid_log.json to help debug if warning file is generated.  
            7. Feature: Collect the gridding results and append the results to the existing summary file (or create that summary file if it is not exists).  
            8. Feature: Support intensity extraction automatically fixing some unexpected value caused from other preprocessing programs and algorithms.  
            9. Feature: Update the heatmap CSV writer without stringstream to speedup the heatmap CSV outputting
  
* **Software Publish** 

    https://centrilliontechtw-my.sharepoint.com/:f:/g/personal/jeffho_centrilliontech_com_tw/Eosj0nG6kfNOmz2EAHObZsABvUi94MuSKzjcFJ5VfRwLKQ?e=hS91f8